Good morning,
almost husband.
Good morning, almost–
- [ Shouting ] Oh! No!
- [ Cameron Shrieking ]
Oh, calm down.
This can’t be the first time
you’ve woken up...
with other men
in your bedroom.
- Happy wedding day.
- What are you doing here?
You pay for
a full-service wedding,
you get our full packages.
Oh. Close, honey.
So close.
- And we’re crossing.
- We’re crossing.
[ Together ]
And trays down.
Napkins.
Relax. Enjoy.
The car will
pick you up at 4:00...
to whisk you away to your
beautiful hilltop wedding.
How’s the weather?
I had a dream it rained
on everyone.
Dry as a bone.
The only thing it will
be raining tonight is men.
We really need it.
Has anyone heard
from Sal?
No. And I will never
understand...
why you asked
that boozy us-hag
to officiate your wedding.
We didn’t exactly ask Sal.
- Sal.
- Mm-hmm.
We have something
very important
to talk to you about.
Yeah, we hope
that maybe you would
be open to the idea–
Yes! I will totally
officiate your wedding.
Oh, my drinks!
[ Laughs ]
It was supposed
to be an intervention.
♪ Hey, hey ♪
♪ Hey ♪♪
- [ Cell Phone Rings ]
- Hey, best man.
Hello, blushing bride.
I feel like
I should hate that more.
Yeah, I think I might go with
"best person."
Anyway, I’m just calling
to see how you’re doing.
- I’m great.
- Really?
[ Stammers ]
Is this about Mom again?
I told you, I’m fine.
My mother can’t
come to the wedding.
She was at a yoga retreat,
and she fell out of a warrior
pose and broke her hip.
Should we consider
the possibility...
that someone pushed
her?
Cam, please.
They were a bunch
of peace-loving hippies...
who spent two weeks in
the rain forest with my mother.
Of course someone pushed her.
I’m actually relieved
she’s not coming.
She has given me the gift
of a crazy-free wedding.
I know.
I was just a little sad for you.
Mom’s a no-show, and you and Dad
are hardly even speaking.
Enough about Dad.
He doesn’t get gay weddings,
and I don’t get track suits
as casual wear.
Can we please talk
about something happy,
like my honeymoon in Mexico?
Oh, yeah. You’re gonna want
to take a look at the
Weather Channel.
Hilarious.
Love you.
Love you too.
You’re gonna get
the gift today, right?
- Don’t we have a year
to do that?
- I have a husband to do that.
They fell in love
with this very specific
turquoise Italian glass bowl.
I looked everywhere, finally
found one, and we’re not going
to that wedding without it.
I thought
you were taking me
to the eye doctor.
They said I’m not supposed
to drive myself home.
No, no, no, no.
I’m picking up Luke
from his wilderness trip.
- Alex can take you.
- That’s a bummer.
- Aw, Dad, I’m touched.
- No, not because of you.
I’d just rather pick up Luke.
Than go to the eye doctor.
I love spending time with you.
Don’t worry. You’re fun.
Wow.
My dad would never admit this,
but when he wants fun,
he goes straight to Luke.
They have a weird connection.
They’re like Batman and Robin.
Dad and I are more like Batman
and Ruth Bader Ginsburg.
Honey, don’t be like that.
You’re super fun.
You sure I can’t get Luke?
- [ Alex ]
I heard that!
- Let’s do this!
[ Rings, Beeps ]
Hello?
Hey, Mom.
Gloria wants to know...
if she can do your hair
and makeup last
after me and Cam’s mom.
[ Whispering ]
It’s fine.
Something about Luke.
I’ve lost interest.
Okay, love you. Bye.
Damn, this is
the best cup of coffee
I ever had.
Manny roasts his own beans
every Friday night.
That kid’s gonna be roasting
his own beans for a long time,
if you know what I mean.
[ Chuckles ]
Can I just say thank you again
for letting us stay here?
You have thanked us enough
with that big bag of deer meat.
Aw.
Hey, Mom.
Can you see this?
What pimple?
[ Sighs ]
I knew it.
I can’t go looking like this.
Weddings are where
you meet girls.
Not at this one.
Well, we better be going.
Yeah.
Have a great spa day.
Men don’t have spa days.
We’re just going to the club,
taking a steam,
having a couple of rubdowns.
Hey. Do they serve
cucumber water at that place?
Sometimes they do
a strawberry-basil mix.
Ah.
Merle?
Yes, ma’am?
Be back in time
for me to do your tie.
Yes, ma’am.
- I’m so sorry
you had to see that.
- See what?
- The way we just snapped
at each other.
- Are you joking?
Obviously, Merle and I are going
through a heck of a rough patch.
If I talked to Jay
that nice,
he would think
I’m cheating on him.
Mrs. P?
My darn taxi never came.
I’m gonna miss my flight.
- No.
- I just–
[ Groans ]
I don’t want to deal
with this right now–
’cause I’m already
so scared of flying.
I just hate
everything about it–
except for the food.
I don’t understand
how they get such bold flavors
out of that tiny kitchen.
Haley, can you drive Andy
to the airport, please?
She doesn’t want
to do that.
Aw, you get me.
- Haley.
- I don’t have a car.
I got dropped off.
I guess we
could take my car.
That’s settled. Go.
Fine.
Okay.
We really need to hurry.
Relax. We’ll get there.
You just worry about being
strapped in a giant metal tube
30,000 feet in the air.
That’s right. I heard.
Hey.
What?
I just thought of something.
What’s going on
with my hair today?
Daddy’s gonna do it up
really pretty with flowers.
Not you, right?
No, other Daddy.
Oh, thank God.
Mitchell! This is not my tuxedo.
They gave me the wrong order.
And the fuchsia gown
didn’t tip you off?
I have nine shirts this color.
I’m wearing a shirt this color.
Okay, deep breaths.
Deep breaths.
We have plenty
of time to go
to the dry cleaner.
We knew that there
would be a bump today,
and here it is.
We’re getting it done early.
This is our bump.
[ Shrieking ]
Oh! Oh!
Okay. Okay.
So this is our bump.
[ Sighs ]
I can’t handle this.
We’re getting married
in five hours.
I don’t have
my perfectly tailored tux.
I can’t just go buy
something off the rack.
I’m not Cindy Crawford.
Why a woman?
I’m just wondering.
What are we
gonna do?
We could eat.
We just need
to get in touch
with the owner.
[ Snaps Fingers ]
You know his name, right?
It’s... Aziz something?
[ Stammering ]
Uh, no, it’s Amir.
It’s not Amir, no.
Oh, no, it’s, uh, Ahmad.
It’s Achmed.
No. Oh, it’s on the ticket.
Now I’m just
feeling racist.
What is it?
Here it is.
Jerry.
Oh, Jerry.
Amari.
Jerry Amari.
There you go.
Can you see better
in here?
A little, but those drops
are really hanging on.
I’m like Han Solo
right when he came out
of the carbonite.
Really? Nothing?
I get it. Star Trek.
You’re breaking my heart.
Save it for Luke.
He’ll love that.
Can we just get the gift
and get out of here?
Right, but first things first.
Let’s put on some funny hats,
act like they’re not there
and walk around all serious.
What’s the point of this?
That’s good.
You’re nailing it.
[ Ringtone ]
Hi, honey.
How was the eye exam?
Great.
I can barely see.
I’m wearing giant sunglasses
and a girlie hat.
Alex and I are having a blast.
But you got the gift,
right?
- That’s what people tell me.
- Honey, the bowl.
I have the bowl.
It’s beautiful.
I’ll see you at home.
Hey, here’s a thought.
Now that you told Mom
you got the bowl,
how about we actually
go get it?
Yes, no more fooling around.
Let’s go get the bowl.
Oh! Right after we find out
our sleep number.
Ow!
There’s my guy.
I thought Dad
was picking me up.
Oh. I missed you too.
Come here.
Aw.
So, did you have fun?
Yeah.
What was
your favorite thing?
I don’t remember.
It was yesterday.
Hot dogs.
Can we go now?
Honey, I feel bad
that you have to leave early.
What are you missing today?
Boating.
Well, I mean,
we have a little time.
You don’t mind
waiting in the car?
[ Sighs ]
So Cam tells me you and Mitch
had a little dustup.
Yeah.
Couple of weeks ago.
That kid can hold a grudge.
Little uncomfortable
about that wedding,
are you?
Well, you know
what I’m feeling, right?
[ Chuckles ]
I like to think
I’ve evolved on the subject.
We got a couple
of lesbo swans in the pond.
They seem pretty happy.
Hey, Jay.
Hey.
Howard, Larry.
[ Grunting ]
This is my, uh–
This is my friend Merle,
and he’s visiting
from Missouri.
Ooh, the "Show Me" state.
- Don’t say that in here.
- [ All Laughing ]
So, what brings you
to town, Merle?
[ Stammering ]
Well, uh, our–
Jay’s and my... kids
are getting married today.
- Congratulations.
- Isn’t that nice?
Father of the bride,
father of the groom...
taking a steam together
the day of the wedding.
Yeah, something like that.
The day my son got married–
piece of cake.
But the day
I lost my little girl–
Oh, that wrecked me.
So which one of you has
to suffer through that today?
You know what?
It’s too hot in here.
Let’s go.
Yeah.
Mm-hmm.
Real evolved.
Your swans would be ashamed.
Well, I guess
I first noticed it
after Pameron moved out...
and Merle and I
just started sniping
at each other.
Yeah, like that bloodbath
this morning.
Oh. Again, I am so sorry.
But Merle is not the type
you can talk to
about things.
I mean, the man’s had
a toothpick in his mouth
our whole marriage,
and I can’t say a word?
No, you can’t sit
on your feelings.
You will explode.
I have, like,
10 little explosions
every day...
so I don’t have the big one.
The women in my family,
sometimes they shoot
the husbands.
Well, we’ve had 48...
good years.
I guess we’re just
gonna run out the clock.
No! You’re still–
You have–
That is bad attitude.
You have to tell Merle
what is bothering you.
Oh, he doesn’t want
to hear all that.
He gets all closed off and–
[ Deep Voice ]
macho.
[ Giggling ]
You’re ticklin’
my piggies.
You get used to that.
[ Chuckles ]
It’s a shame
Mitchell’s mother couldn’t
make it to the wedding.
For who?
Hmm, things still rough
between the two of you?
Merle, things
have always been rough.
That woman never
stopped complaining.
Finding the strength
to leave Dede was
the hardest thing I ever did,
but the best decision
I ever made.
Well, you sure made a score
with that Gloria. Wow.
- Big time.
- [ Chuckles ]
I bet you landed her
before she got a gander
at those hooves of yours.
[ Both Chuckle ]
You’re welcome,
by the way.
So what are you
gonna do in Utah?
Well, me and my girlfriend
haven’t seen each other
in a while,
so we’re gonna be like
a couple of bunny rabbits–
Wow.
just hopping all over town.
Oh.
- Is this her?
- Yep, that’s my Beth.
Huh. She’s pretty.
[ Scoffs ] Yeah.
She’s the most beautiful
creature, inside and out.
I’m just the luckiest guy
ever to get to love her.
Okay, she may be real,
but no way you are.
Who talks like that?
You know, I hate when
you say things like that...
because you are funny
and you are pretty...
and you are smart
in an original way,
so why shouldn’t a guy
feel lucky to love you?
Shut up. Be normal.
[ Cell Phone Buzzes ]
Hey, my phone just buzzed.
Can you read it?
Yeah.
I don’t want to
put our lives at risk.
It’s, uh–
It’s from the airline.
Your flight’s delayed
three hours.
Three hours?
Yeah.
[ Groans ]
Jinkies!
I guess we can
just drop me off
at a coffee shop,
and I can take a cab
from there.
Okay.
Actually, I really need
to wake up.
Maybe I’ll grab
a coffee with you,
if you don’t mind.
Please.
The more I talk to people,
the less I imagine...
plummeting to my death
in a fiery spiral
of screaming and crying.
Pretty dark for someone
who just said "jinkies."
Well, I guess we have
different definitions
of "emergency" then.
You know,
I’m just gonna say it.
911 dispatchers have
a little bit of attitude.
Well, you requested
a SWAT team.
Is anybody else hungry?
Mitchell. Mitchell!
Look at this.
- Do you think
you could fit in there?
- I’m not doing that.
Then what am I gonna
wear to our wedding,
my black funeral suit?
Is that the tone
you want to set?
You wore it to one funeral,
and you didn’t even
know Bea Arthur.
I felt like I did.
I know.
[ Cell Phone Rings ]
Oh.
It’s Pepper.
He’ll know what to do.
- Yes.
- Pepper. Disaster.
It’s not a disaster.
It’s just a wildfire.
And it’s most certainly
not going to burn down
your wedding.
- What?
There’s a wildfire
near the venue.
No!
Yes, but it’s fine.
Ronaldo is going to
text-blast the guest list,
tell them the wedding is
being moved from 5:00 to 1:00.
[ Both Gasp ]
Oh, my God!
Don’t panic.
[ Shouting ] Would somebody
please turn off
that wretched waterfall?
Kill the waterfall
immediately!
[ Sighs ]
The fire is already
28% contained.
- That doesn’t sound like a lot.
- Just get dressed
and look pretty.
I’m going to send the car
for you in one hour.
Have you lost your mind?
Go! You disgust me!
Go!
[ Grunts ]
Okay.
Now what are we gonna do?
No, I guess maybe–
Cam, there’s no way
I could fit through there.
[ Sighs ]
You two exhaust me.
What? We have to be there
in an hour!
I can’t go like this.
Look at me.
I hate you.
Prepare yourself
for the best burger
of your life.
[ Cell Phone Chimes ]
We gotta go.
Uh-oh.
Maybe we should
try on more hats.
You think we have time?
It’s not working.
And there’s no oar?
We are literally up a creek
without a paddle.
Okay, Lily? Lily!
Okay, you’re gonna press
the green button to start it,
and then you’re gonna look
for number 913.
And then, when you see it go by,
you press the red button
to stop it, okay?
- Okay.
- Oh, I’m so glad you’re here.
I get us into these situations
and I freak, and then
you always fix the problem.
We each
have our own gifts.
It’s just it’s easier
for me to stay calm
in the face of–
Oh, my God!
[ Shrieking ]
Lily, Daddy’s coming for you!
Okay now, Lily,
press the red button.
- I’m breaking the window!
- Put that down!
Oh.
Oh.Thank God you’re here.
Are you breaking
into my store?
Uh, no.
Why would you even say that?
- My alarm went off.
- Oh, well, okay.
That is a coincidence,
because his tuxedo
is in there,
and we’re getting
married in an hour.
You are
totally saving us.
You know, I freak out
at situations like this,
which forces him
to fix the problem.
I do. I do.
So I’m over here
freaking out,
while he’s somewhere else,
fixing the problem.
Oh, my gosh.
I’m so sorry.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Oh! Oh.
Maybe that’s a good thing.
You know, the yin, the yang.
Yeah, whatever, Jerry.
Where’d she come from?
Oh, because
she doesn’t look like us.
That’s offensive.
Oh, Jerry.
What are
we going to do?
I know how to get up there.
I’m blind. Follow me.
Oh, I’m not doing that.
Alex!
[ Tapping ]
Excuse me. Could someone
help me to find
the back of the line?
Oh, no, no.
It’s okay.
Oh.
Go right ahead.
Are you sure?
Can I help you?
Yes, picking up for Dunphy.
It’s on hold, I believe.
Beautiful day, huh?
I was told.
Here we go. Credit card?
Uh, just to be sure,
that is turquoise, right?
Because my wife said
it also comes in emerald.
Yes. Sir, it’s a very long line.
Hmm. Okay.
Um, can I have it
for one second?
Thank you.
Yeah, that doesn’t feel
like turquoise.
You can feel color?
You gotta be kidding me.
When you lose one sense,
all your other senses
become heightened.
That’s why you sound
so loud and judgy to me.
My mistake, sir.
I’ll be right back.
Okay.
[ Stomping ]
Here it is.
Hey, he’s messing
with the blind guy.
Thank you–
wherever you are.
- I don’t think
he’s really blind.
- Excuse me.
My father suffered
methanol poisoning...
on a humanitarian mission
in Honduras,
resulting in permanent
neurological dysfunction
and irreversible blindness.
It’s been hard enough on our
family without people like you
making it worse.
If he feels it’s not the bowl,
it’s not the bowl.
I’m so sorry.
I’ll check on the turquoise.
Okay, that was kind of fun.
I’m winking at you
right now.
Oh!
This is not working.
We are never gonna
get there on time,
and I am the best person!
Oh, God. Oh!
I think just broke a nail
on a turtle.
[ Sighs ]
You’re the one who
wanted to come out here.
Yes, I did,
because I wanted to
spend some time with my son.
You’ve– [ Groans ]
You’ve been pushing me away
so much lately,
and I don’t want you
to grow up to be
the kind of kid...
who doesn’t care if his mom
shows up at his wedding.
What are you talking about?
Nana isn’t coming today,
and Mitchell’s relieved.
Well, I’d be really sad
if you missed my wedding.
Really? You promise?
Totally.
And so would Kate.
Who’s Kate?
Upton. My wife,
your daughter-in-law.
Oh.
Get on board.
Come on.
What has been going on
with you recently?
You’ve been so moody.
I’m sorry, but I’m sick
of going to school...
and hearing teachers say,
"You’re Alex Dunphy’s brother?
Really?"
Like I’m an idiot.
Oh, honey,
you’re not an idiot.
I forgot the paddle
even though we just learned
the boating checklist yesterday.
Alex would never do that.
And if she did, she’d probably,
like– I don’t know–
use this fishing rod to cast out
and hook us on the shore
because "I’m so smart."
And then she’d pull us in
because everything she does
always works.
Oh, my God.
It’s working.
[ Laughs ]
Figures. Alex.
Ooh, ooh. Don’t move.
The lighting is really cool
right now.
What are you doing?
Don’t smile.
Why?
It’s my favorite thing.
[ Chuckling ]
No, really, be serious.
Look out the window.
Okay.
[ Shutter Clicks ]
Look.
Whoa!
That is honestly
the best photo anyone’s
ever taken of me.
Thank you.
You mind
if I send a copy to Beth?
Andy, um,
when I read the text
about your flight,
I saw the text from Beth
telling you not to come.
Yeah,
she doesn’t mean that.
[ Chuckles ]
She said it’s over.
That can mean a lot
of different things.
[ Cell Phone Buzzes ]
Your phone’s buzzing again.
Oh, my God.
The wedding got moved up.
I have to go.
Andy, are you sure
about getting on that plane?
Yeah. Yeah, I-I’m fine.
You know, she does this
every once in a while.
She just likes
the drama.
But I–
Haley, I appreciate
your concern,
I really do,
but I’ve been
in this relationship
off and on for eight years,
so I kind of know
what I’m doing, all right?
Thank you for the ride.
[ Sighs ]
It’s a tool of the trade.
The car one says Toyota.
[ Sighs ]
♪♪ [ String Quartet ]
[ Mutters ]
I have eyes on the grooms.
I’m three feet behind you.
How’s it going?
Are people showing up?
It’s all under control.
Surprise!
[ Laughing ]
Guess who’s on time.
Oh, my God!
Sal, wow. You’re pregnant.
Congratulations.
Thank you.
We’re really excited.
You’re huge.
Nice teeth.
- Uh, so, wh-where’s Tony?
- Oh, beats me.
- Haven’t spoken to him
since the divorce.
- Oh.
[ Chuckles ]
Yeah, it’s, uh, Eddie.
Eddie! Baby.
- Yeah.
- Come here.
Come meet the girls.
Eddie.
This is Eddie.
Cam, Mitch, Peps, this guy.
Hey.
This is Eddie, my baby daddy.
- So why didn’t you tell us?
- We just wanted to get through
that first trimester...
before we let
the cat out of the bag.
Mm-hmm.
When was that,
last summer?
- So you’re
how far along now?
- About four months.
Right, honey?
Yep.
Just about
the exact amount of time
Eddie and I have been together.
I don’t understand.
Four is this many, yes?
Sí.
Hola, handsome boys.
[ Laughs ]
- You two look gorgeous.
- Gracias.
- Thank you.
- Pretty nice, huh?
Like a regular wedding.
What?
Good start, Jay.
Hey, Merle,
it’s your son’s wedding.
Maybe lose the toothpick?
I’m getting tired
of this nagging.
I’m leaving you.
- What?
- Not if I leave you first.
No, no, no.
You don’t mean this.
Don’t you feel bad, honey.
You have helped me today.
Thanks for getting me
over the hump.
[ Together ]
What did you do?
Wow.
We’re doing this.
Are you ready?
♪♪ [ Quartet: "Jesu,
Joy of Man’s Desiring" ]
I don’t want
to wait another minute.
Lily, hit it.
[ Guests Murmuring ]
On three, boys.
One, two–
Attention!
Attention, please.
The fire has jumped the freeway.
I’m really sorry, folks.
I’m gonna have to evacuate
everyone immediately.
[ Murmuring ]
[ Siren Wailing ]
So this is our bump.
[ Horn Honking ]
♪ Hey, hey ♪
♪ Hey ♪♪